AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
MAGNOLIA PROCESSING, INC. D/B/A PRIDE OF THE POND CATFISH
AND
UNITED FOOD & COMMERCIAL WORKERS LOCAL 1529
APRIL 13, 2025
THROUGH
APRIL 13, 2028
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ARTICLE I ARTICLE II ARTICLE III ARTICLE IV ARTICLE V ARTICLE VI ARTICLE VII ARTICLE VIII ARTICLE IX ARTICLE X ARTICLE XI ARTICLE XII ARTICLE XIII ARTICLE XIV ARTICLE XV ARTICLE XVI ARTICLE XVII ARTICLE XVIII ARTICLE XIX ARTICLE XX ARTICLE XXI ARTICLE XXII ARTICLE XXIII ARTICLE XXIV ARTICLE XXV ARTICLE XXVI ARTICLE XXVII ARTICLE XXVIII ARTICLE XXIX ARTICLE XXX ARTICLE XXXI ARTICLE XXXII ARTICLE XXXIII
RECOGNITION MANAGEMENT RIGHTS NO STRIKE - NO LOCKOUT GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE ARBITRATION
HOURS OF WORK WAGES/PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE GENERAL
PROBATIONARY PERIOD SEPARABILITY COMPLETE AGREEMENT STEWARDS INTERCHANGEABILITY SUBCONTRACTING SENIORITY
HOLIDAYS VACATIONS
LEAVE OF ABSENCE FUNERAL LEAVE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
SAFETY AND HEALTH CLAUSE TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT MISCELLANEOUS
MILITARY CLAUSE WRITTEN REPRIMAND UNION VISITATION UNION MEMBERSHIP BATHROOMS
SUPERVISOR HARASSMENT PENSION
ECONOMIC RELIEF
PERFECT ATTENDANCE INCENTIVE DURATION OF AGREEMENT
APPENDIX "A" WAGES
PAGE
1
1
2
3
4
5
6
6
6
7
7
7
8
8
9
10
11
12
12
13
13
14
14
14
14
15
15
16
16
16
17
17
17
19
THIS AGREEMENT entered into this ________ day of _______, 2025, between Magnolia Processing Inc., d/b/a Pride of the Pond Catfish, hereinafter referred to as the "Company", and the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, Local 1529, AFL-CIO, CLC, chartered by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, AFL-CIO, CLC, hereinafter referred to as the "Union".
It is the intent and purpose of the Company and the Union to promote and improve labor management relations between them and to set forth herein the terms of agreement covering wages, hours and conditions of employment to be observed.
In consideration of mutual promises and agreements between the parties hereto, and in consideration of their mutual desire in promoting efficient conduct in business and providing for the orderly settlement of disputes between them and permitting the safe, economical operation of the plant in accordance with the law, the parties to this Agreement agree as follows:
ARTICLE I RECOGNITION
Section 1.	The Company recognizes the Union as the exclusive bargaining representative of its employees.
Section 2.	The term "employee" or "employees" as and whenever used in this Agreement shall mean all fish processing and maintenance employees employed at Magnolia Processing, Inc., d/b/a Pride of the Pond's Tunica, Mississippi location, but excluding all office clerical employees, sales employees, truck drivers, casual employees, guards and supervisors as defined in the Act.
Section 3.	This recognition clause shall not limit the Company's right to determine the assignment of work to employees, in the above-described unit. The specific terms of this Agreement shall be the sole source of any rights that may be asserted by the Union against the Company. Due to emergency situations, the Company may assign work to Managers or Supervisors, which was usually performed by employees in the bargaining unit.
ARTICLE II MANAGEMENT RIGHTS
Section 1.	It is agreed that the management of the Company alone shall have the authority to determine and direct the policies, modes, and methods of operating its business without interference by the Union. Except as expressly limited by specific provisions of this Article, the Company shall continue to have the exclusive right to take any and all action it deems necessary in the management of its business and the direction of its work force, and such rights exclusively reserved for the Company shall include, but not be limited to the following:
The right to select and hire employees and to determine the composition and size of its work force;
To determine the type of products to be manufactured or sold;
To promote, transfer and assign employees;
To determine the job content and the amount of types of work needed;
To introduce improved or different methods of operation;
To determine the starting and quitting times, the number of hours and shifts to be worked;
The decision as to where or when training on a particular operation or job is required, how much training is required, and the right to move, retrain, or transfer employees at its discretion;
The establishment, revision, or elimination of reasonable production standards, or reasonable quality standards;
The determination of safety, health, and property protective measures for the plant, the maintenance of discipline of employees and safety of operations;
To generally direct the work force and to make and enforce reasonable rules and regulations not in conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, which rules and regulations shall be subject to the Grievance Procedure herein, if such rule or regulation is grieved as to the reasonableness within ten (10) days of delivery to the Union;
The establishment, revision, or elimination of incentive rates for job classifications;
The right to determine, establish, continue or discontinue temporary incentive programs with the exception of Article XXXIII – Perfect Attendance Incentive and Appendix A – Wages Trimmer Incentive, which programs will be plant wide.
To determine the location of the business, including the establishment of new plants or departments, divisions, or subdivisions, to expand, reduce, alter, discontinue, transfer or assign all or any part of its business operations for economic reasons. With the complete understanding that any sale, relocation, leasing or establishment of a new business that this Agreement shall become part of said sale, lease, relocation or establishment of new business. The Agreement will remain in full force before, during and after any changes of the business as outlined above.
Section 2.	Those rights exclusively reserved by the Company hereinabove shall not be subject to the arbitration procedure. The Company's failure to exercise any rights hereby reserved shall not be deemed a waiver of the exercise of such rights at other times.
Section 3.	The failure of the Company to invoke the strictest discipline for one infraction of a safety rule on one occasion shall not affect the right of the Company to invoke a different or stricter discipline for a later or different infraction of the safety rules. All employees are subject to discharge or other discipline for just cause. In general, an employee will be counseled and/or warned prior to being discharged except in cases of extreme misconduct.
Section 4.	No Article or provision of this Agreement will prevent the Company from doing anything not forbidden by the Agreement in specific language.
ARTICLE III
NO STRIKE - NO LOCKOUT
Section 1.	There shall be no picketing, strikes, slowdowns, sympathy strikes, boycotts, or work stoppages of any kind, nor any other activity of employees or of the Union designed to curtail or interfere with production whether or not contemplated at the time of the Contract, and there shall be no lockouts by the Company because of labor disputes between employees of the Union and the Company during the term of this Agreement or during any extension thereof. The Company and the Union, its representatives, and stewards, shall take immediate and affirmative action, to prevent and terminate any violation of this section.
Section 2.	Neither the violation of any provision of this Agreement nor the commission of any act constituting an unfair labor practice, or otherwise made unlawful shall excuse the Union, the employees, or the Company from their obligations under this Article.
Section 3.	Any employee disciplined for violation of this Article shall have a right to have the matter reviewed through the grievance and arbitration procedures as provided herein, but the only question to be determined shall be whether or not the employee participated in such violation. If the employee is found guilty of this Article, the disciplinary action will stand.
Section 4.	This Article will not be in effect during the wage opener of Appendix "A", Subject to ratification by the Union Membership.
ARTICLE IV
GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
Section 1.	For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "grievance" is defined as a dispute with respect to the alleged violation by the Company of a specific provision of this Agreement, with the procedure for settlement of such grievance being set forth in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement.
Section 2.	The procedure for the settlement of grievances shall be as follows:
1st Step. The aggrieved employee must present the grievance or complaint in writing specifying the provision or provisions of the Contract violation. The nature of the grievance can not be changed during the steps of the Grievance or Arbitration Procedure and must be presented no later than ten (10) working days from the alleged infraction to the departmental supervisor in charge of the employee's shift, with or without the assistance of the appropriate steward. If settlement is not reached within 25 working days from the date submitted to the working supervisor either party may proceed to the 1st Step of Arbitration.
Section 3.	After investigation of a grievance where the Union Representative feels the employee does not have a violation of any provision of this Contract, the grieved employee may request an appeal to the Executive Board of United Food & Commercial Workers, Local 1529. The grieved employee does not have the right to proceed to Arbitration on his own. The Union and the Company are the only parties who can demand Arbitration proceedings. The appeal to the Executive Board must be in writing and submitted within ten (10) working days of completion of Step 1 of Article 4, Section 2.
Section 4.	The Union Office in Cordova shall notify the Company in writing of the names of the Union's authorized Local Representative, International Union Representative, and Stewards. The Union shall have the right to change such as needed in writing. The Company shall not be obliged to deal with any persons other than those so named and it is understood that those so named are authorized to settle grievances and other matters between the parties.
Section 5.	The purpose of the grievance procedure is to provide an orderly means of resolution of questions concerning the application of the Contract without interruption of work or harm to the Company's business. Where in the discretion of the Company it is essential due to the nature of the grievance, investigation of a grievance may be done on work time but shall be limited to only those persons necessary to that phase of the investigation. In all other instances, matters relating to grievances or other Union business may not be conducted on working time, and employees will not neglect their work nor interfere with the work of other employees. In no case does an employee or Union Representative have the right to stop work or to stop the work of other employees to take up a grievance or Union matter unless he or she has the specific permission of the Managers.
ARTICLE V ARBITRATION
Section 1.	A grievance with respect to the alleged violation by the Company of a specific provision of this Agreement, which has been properly processed through the grievance procedure but not settled, may be submitted to arbitration as hereinafter provided.
Section 2.	The party desiring arbitration shall, within fifteen (15) days following the Company's Step 1 answer or expiration of the time limit for that answer, notify the other party in writing identifying the grievance and requesting arbitration thereon. If arbitration of a grievance is not requested within the time limit set forth above, the grievance shall be considered settled and waived. Only the Union or the Company may require arbitration of the other.
Section 3.	The parties shall jointly furnish a written submission of the issue or issues to be decided to the arbitrator. If the parties are unable to agree upon such submission, each party may file its version of the issue or issues to be decided and, based thereon, the arbitrator shall determine the scope of the arbitration within the limitation set f01ih in this Agreement.
Section 4.	If the parties cannot agree upon the designation of an impartial arbitrator, either party may, within ten (I 0) days following the notice of the desire to arbitrate, request the American Arbitration Association or the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service to submit a panel of seven (7) arbitrators from which to select the arbitrator.  If either party to the Agreement finds no arbitrator on the panel acceptable a second panel may be requested within ten (10) days. To select the arbitrator each party shall strike three (3) names from the list and the remaining name shall be the arbitrator. The party requesting the arbitration shall make its strikes first.
Unless the time limits and procedure set forth herein are complied with, the matter shall be considered closed and arbitration waived.
Section 5.	The selected arbitrator shall hold a hearing within sixty (60) days following the date of his selection and shall render his decision in writing within sixty (60) days following the date of the hearing or at a mutually agreed time. Any case appealed to the arbitrator on which he has no power to rule, shall be referred back to the parties without decision and, in any case involving a question of the arbitrability of the issue, the arbitrator shall rule on that question in advance of a hearing on the merits. The arbitrator shall have no authority to add to or detract from the provisions of this Agreement, or any written agreements made supplementary hereto, but shall only have authority to interpret and apply the Agreement. In cases of disciplinary action the arbitrator shall determine whether or not the Company has violated the Contract based upon his findings of fact but may not change the degree of discipline assessed. The fees and expenses of the Arbitrator shall be paid equally by the Company and the Union. The expenses incurred by a party shall be borne by that party.
Section 6.	The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Company, the Union, and the affected employee(s).
ARTICLE VI HOURS OF WORK
Section 1.	The work week will be a period of seven (7) consecutive days from 12:01 A.M. Sunday to 12:00 midnight on Saturday.
Section 2.	This Article does not guarantee any employee a minimum number of hours of work per week or per month.
Section 3.	Time and one-half an employee's regular straight-time hourly rate shall be paid for all work performed after forty (40) hours of work in a work week.
Section 4.	Employees will not be required to work in excess of nine (9) hours per day. If overtime is available, the more senior employee will have the option to work in order to receive extra hours.
Section 5.	Pay for hours not worked will not be included in computation of the rate for overtime purposes except as outlined in other Articles of this Agreement.
Section 6.
The Union recognizes the right of the Company to change the starting and ending times of work and shifts, from time to time, as deemed necessary by the Company to effect its operational needs. The Company will notify the employees the previous Friday of changes to begin the following Monday. Changes during the week will be announced prior to the end of the shift the day before the change.
When an employee is scheduled to work and arrives at the plant to work at his scheduled time and the employee does not begin work the employees will receive 2 hours pay if they are sent home by the Company. The employees may be rescheduled to work later in the day by the Company. When the employee shows up for scheduled work there will be a minimum of 3 hours pay if the employee begins work.
Overtime work is a necessary part of each employee's duties to be performed as required. Notification of overtime work will be given to employees as far in advance as is practicable. When processing requires additional hours to be worked that were not scheduled, the employees have a right to refuse those hours past the nineth (9th) hour. Overtime will be on a voluntary basis with the most senior employees having a right to extra hours as long as they have the ability to perform overtime work assigned. If there are not enough employees to work said hours reverse seniority will apply i.e., starting at the reverse order of seniority, employees will be assigned to work the overtime hours. The Employer retains the right to assign enough employees to complete processing. The Company shall post an overtime list for employees to sign requesting additional hours.
The Acts of God beyond the Employers control such as fire, flood, tornado and electrical outages not maintained by the Employer will pre-empt all of Section 6.
Temperatures will not be considered Acts of God and it is the responsibility of the Employer to schedule his starting times around all temperature problems.
Absence of fish regardless of whether temperature problems or lack of supplies for filling his order or any other problems are the responsibility of the Employer and all of Section 6 applies.
Employees will not accumulate any attendance points as a result of "Acts of God" as defined above.
Section 7.	The nature of the business and the availability of fish may from time to time cause a delay in scheduled startup time. When employees are scheduled to work and are forced to wait, the employees will be paid for all waiting time. Those hours will be calculated in the computation of the weekly overtime and be considered for all purposes as hours worked.
Section 8.	Employees will be allowed a one half (½) hour unpaid lunch break approximately halfway between their starting and quitting times.
Section 9.	Employees will be afforded a fifteen (15) minute break every two hours of continuous work.
ARTICLE VII WAGES/PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
Section 1.	All employees will be paid in accordance with the attached minimum wage schedule identified as Appendix "A".
Section 2.	No employee will suffer a loss of any benefits as a result of this Contract.
Section 3.	Any previous experience from Pride of the Pond will be given full credit in determining the proper rate of pay. Previous experience from another major competitor may be given credit for comparable experience when verified and approved. The amount of previous experience to be paid will be agreed upon by the completion of their probationary period.
Section 4.	If the Company creates a new job classification, it will notify, meet and bargain with the Union to establish a new rate for the newly created classification. If Arbitration is necessary to establish the new rate, the Union must request Arbitration within sixty (60) days of being notified of the new classification. If the Arbitrators award establishes a rate higher than set by the Company, the award shall be prospective only with no retroactive pay or benefits.
ARTICLE VIII GENERAL
Section 1.	The Union and the Company agree that for the life of this Agreement neither party will discriminate, coerce, intimidate, restrain, or interfere with any employee because of Union membership status.
Section 2.	The Company and the Union agree that there will be no discrimination against any employee because of race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin or qualified American Federal Disability Act in accordance with Federal, State and Local Civil Rights Laws. Whenever the masculine pronoun is used, it refers to both genders.
ARTICLE IX PROBATIONARY PERIOD
Section 1.	All new hired employees covered by this Agreement shall be considered as probationary for a period of thirty (30) days, during which time employees will receive any offered attendance bonuses if requirements and guidelines are met. No other rights under this Agreement shall accrue to any such employee.
Section 2.	During the probationary period the Company may discharge the employee without cause and for any reason solely within the discretion of the Company. The Company can, upon consulting with the Union within seven (7) days before the expiration of an individual’s probationary period, extend the probationary period an additional thirty (30) days by written agreement of the Employer and Union.
ARTICLEX SEPARABILITY
If any provision or part thereof of this Agreement is in conflict with any applicable federal or state law or regulations, such provision shall be deleted from this Agreement or shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent permitted by such law or regulation. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is thus rendered inoperative, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Any provision or part thereof thus rendered inoperative shall be deleted here from as though never written into this Agreement, and there shall be no bargaining on the subject of such deleted provision until the termination of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XI COMPLETE AGREEMENT
Section 1.	The parties acknowledge that during the negotiations which resulted in this Agreement, each had the unlimited right to make demands and proposals with respect to any subject or matter not removed by law from the area of collective bargaining. They, therefore, each voluntarily and unqualifiedly waive the right for the life of this Agreement to bargain collectively with respect to any matter referred to or covered in this Agreement, or with respect to any other subject or matter relating to wages or working conditions, except as provided for in other Sections or Articles of this Agreement.
Section 2. This Contract represents the entire Agreement between the parties and no other agreement or practices are binding upon either party thereto with respect to wages, hours, or working conditions, except as provided for in other Sections or Articles of this Agreement.
Section 3. No one or more provisions of this Agreement may be interpreted to provide a meaning not expressly set out in this Agreement or to deny to the Company the right to do anything not forbidden by the Contract in specific language.
Section 4. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended, supplemented, rescinded, or otherwise altered only by mutual agreement, in writing, between the Company and the Union with the same formality as the original Agreement.
Section 5.	The Employer agrees not to enter into any other agreement with employees either written or orally. This Agreement shall be the exclusive Contract for all working conditions.
Any other matters must be worked out through the Articles and provisions of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XII STEWARDS
Section 1.	The Union shall have the right to designate stewards, and independent contractors, and to change such as needed. The Company shall be notified in writing of the names of designated stewards, and independent contractors, and shall only be required to deal with the stewards designated in writing. The Union shall have the right to designate an alternate for each
of the stewards, which alternate shall function only in the absence of the steward for whom he or she is an alternate.
Section 2.	Shop Stewards, and Independent Contractors are not employees of United Food & Commercial Workers, Local 1529, nor do they carry any power as representatives of United Food & Commercial Workers, Local 1529. Their function is exclusive of assisting an employee in the initial stages of a grievance, talking to other employees about Union membership, and being an employee witness in the initial stages under Grievance and Arbitration procedures.
Only those Union Representatives designated by United Food & Commercial Workers, Local 1529, in writing, to the Employer are true representatives and have the power to speak for Local 1529.
Section 3.	In the interest of promoting cooperative relations between the Company and the Union, the Company agrees that a member of management will, within the first week of employment, introduce all new employees to either a Union Shop Steward, Independent Contractor, Union Representative, or anybody the Union so designates. The designated representative will be given an opportunity to talk with the new employee in private to discuss the Union Contract and any other material the Union may feel is important. Contractors and Stewards can talk with new employees concerning Union business during working hours, but not during work time. Work time excludes before start, break time, lunch time, and after work.
Section 4.	The above mentioned Independent Contractor is individually chosen by Local 1529 to assist and sign up new employees as members of Local 1529. The Independent Contractor will work under certain rules and procedures designated by the Union and will be separate and apart from the Company in all respects.
Section 5.	The Employer agrees to furnish each new employee with a membership application and inform each new employee who the Union Representative is and the Shop Steward.
Section 6.	The Company agrees that at the request of the Union upon reasonable notice, it will release Stewards from work one (1) week per year for training purposes. The Union will compensate the Stewards for lost time.
Section 7.	Once a year, a joint Management/Steward training session or Steward Training Seminar will be scheduled on a mutually agreeable day. The Company will pay a maximum of two (2) Stewards three (3) days at eight (8) hours for each day.
ARTICLE XIII INTERCHANGEABILITY
It is understood and agreed that the general conditions of the Company's operations require employees to be assigned and interchangeable in the various jobs performed that are necessary to the Company's operations, and that any employee may be assigned by the Company to perform duties in various areas of production which the Company deems necessary for the conduct of its operations, subject to any other applicable Contract provisions.
ARTICLE XIV SUBCONTRACTING
Section 1.	The Company may subcontract out processing work to other processors only when faced with orders which exceed its processing capacity. However, the Company may not rely on this provision to avoid using bargaining unit employees to perform work which otherwise could
be handled at its own facilities, to avoid and otherwise needed expansion of its own facilities. To handle orders which consistently exceed its capacity, or to otherwise void the provision of this Agreement.
Section 2.	It is the Company's intent to hire local full-time regular employees when available; however, the parties recognize that from time to time it may be necessary to utilize contracted workers to fill voids in the workforce. All Employees provided through a contractor for the purpose of filling voids in regular production workforce who work more than ninety (90) days will become a regular Company bargaining unit employee and will be considered to have completed their probationary period.
It is not the intent of the Company by operation of this Article to deprive bargaining unit members of work opportunities. No employees will be affected should the Company be forced to utilize this Article.
ARTICLE XV SENIORITY
Section 1.	Company seniority is defined as the length of continuous, uninterrupted service with the Company.
Section 2. Probationary employees shall have no Company seniority rights. Upon successful completion of the probationary period, the employee's Company seniority will be retroactive to the date of hire.
Section 3.	Temporary lay-offs will be on the basis of seniority, provided the retained employees are presently fully qualified to perform the remaining job duties within the plant. Employees laid off under this provision shall have the right to displace employees with less Company seniority, provided they are presently fully qualified to perform the job.
Section 4.	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the Company to fill a vacancy as the Company shall be the sole judge as to whether a vacancy exists.
Section 5.	An employee may lose his seniority and his employment considered terminated by:
Discharge for just cause;
Failure to report for work upon recall from layoff (within five working days of receipt of letter by Certified Mail to employees current address on file) or upon the completion of an approved leave of absence;
Voluntary quitting;
Engaging in any gainful work, whether for self or another company, while on a leave of absence;
Being on layoff status for twelve (12) months;
Being on leave of absence for twelve (12) months; the Company at its sole discretion may grant an additional six (6) months; or
Permanent shutdown of the plant for a period of one (1) year or more.
For purposes of this Section, an employee absent from work due to a compensable injury or illness shall retain his seniority for eighteen (18) months, provided that employee returns to regular duties as soon as he or she is released by doctor to do so.
Absence without notice for three (3) consecutive working days.
Section 6.
The Company shall attempt to promote and upgrade from within wherever possible or practical. Therefore, all employees shall be given the opportunity for promotions and upgrades to higher classifications or more advantageous jobs.
Whenever a position becomes available, the Company shall post a position notice. The employees desiring to bid for such job shall go to the Personnel Office and write the date and their name on the bid list within five (5) working days. At the end of five (5) working days the posted notice shall be removed. The Company will review the bid list and in its own discretion, shall make a selection from the sheet, taking into consideration the status and qualifications of the employees on the bid list. If all factors are equal, then Company seniority shall determine the position to be filled from among those who are on the bid list.
The successful bidder shall have not less than fifteen (15) full working days to learn and prove to be capable of learning the job, except for the maintenance positions, which shall have ten (10) working days. Any employee who is awarded a job bid and is subsequently disqualified shall return to their old job.
ARTICLE XVI HOLIDAYS
Section 1.	The following are recognized holidays:
New Year's Day July Fourth Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Christmas Eve (1/2 Day for employees with less than four (4) years service and a full day for employees over four years of service.)
Christmas Day
Dr. Martin Luther King's Birthday Memorial Day
Section 2.	Each eligible employee shall receive pay for eight (8) hours at his straight-time hourly rate of pay for any paid holidays as described above.
Section 3.	To be eligible for holiday pay, an employee must be employed by the Company, must have completed his probationary period, and must have worked his last scheduled work day immediately preceding the holiday and his first scheduled work day immediately following the holiday, and must also have worked on the holiday itself if so scheduled or assigned.
Section 4.	If an employee works on any of the above recognized holidays, said employee shall receive holiday pay in addition to time and one-half (1-1/2) for all hours worked on the holiday.
Section 5.	No employee will be required to work on Christmas Eve. If any work is available, the senior employees will have the option to work the overtime. Each eligible employee shall receive pay for four (4) hours at his straight-time hourly rate of pay for the Christmas Eve holiday.
Section 6.	If a recognized holiday should fall on a Saturday, it will be observed on the previous Friday. Should a recognized holiday fall on a Sunday, it will be observed on the following Monday.
Section 7.	Hours paid for, but not worked under this Article, shall not count towards the computation of overtime.
Section 8.	When a paid holiday occurs during an employee's paid vacation, the employee shall be able to elect to either:
Take the holiday and not be charged with a vacation day or
Receive eight (8) hour of holiday pay for the holiday, while having the day off as a vacation day.
If the chosen extra day is not at the beginning or ending of their vacation, the employee will notify the Company of their chosen day at least two (2) weeks in advance, unless mutually agreed upon by both parties.
Section 9.	An employee will not be disqualified for holiday pay if the employee worked any day of that week but is absent on one or all of the qualifying work days for the following reasons:
Job related injury occurring on a qualifying workday.
Jury duty.
Any FMLA leave.
ARTICLE XVII VACATIONS
Section 1.	Eligibility. Employees shall be entitled to vacation according to the following schedule, based on their anniversary date.
1 year service
4 years service
10 years service
15 years service
20 years service
week
weeks
weeks
weeks
weeks	(Effective January 1, 2007)
"Service" means continuous employment.
No employee shall suffer penalty or in any way be deprived of vacation pay or benefits or holiday pay or benefits because of absence due to work related injury or illness.
Employees hired on or after ratification of this Agreement will be entitled to vacation according to the following schedule, based on their anniversary date.
1 year service		1 week
4 years of service	2 weeks
10 years of service	3 weeks
Section 2.	Employees on leave of absences of any nature in excess of one (1) year will not accrue vacation time for that year.
Section 3.	Vacation pay will be computed on the basis of forty (40) hours per week, or eight
hours per day, at the employee's straight-time hourly rate of pay.
Section 4.	If an employee resigns or is discharged, and has not taken his earned vacation, he shall receive any vacation pay due him. If an employee is fired for dishonesty or convicted of a felony, he will not receive any vacation pay. If an employee destroys Company property, the Company may withhold the amount of damage from any unpaid vacation and holiday pay.
Section 5.	Vacations may not be accumulated, but must be taken in the year the employee becomes eligible. If an employee requests vacation pay, with no time off, such will be granted only at the Company's discretion.
Section 6.	All requested weekly (forty (40) hours) vacation time must be requested thirty (30) days in advance. If requested and approved in a timely manner, then the employee will be guaranteed the vacation for that requested time. If a conflict exists for the same week, then the employee with the most seniority will be given preference. Employees may request vacation for one (1) day, eight (8) hours at a time. Requests must be made before the start of their shift. Up to three (3) employees on the same day may request vacation for that day on a first call first received basis. The Company shall have complete discretion to schedule an emergency vacation to ensure the orderly and efficient operation of the facility. This Section cannot be used to avoid the payment of vacation pay or avoid the Employer’s responsibility to afford each employee his or her vacation in line with Article 17.
ARTICLE XVIII LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Section 1.	A leave of absence may be granted by the Company to a full time employee that has successfully completed their probationary period. A leave of absence must be approved and scheduled in advance, except in cases of sickness or injury as otherwise specified below:
Military Duty.	A leave will be granted to an employee who is a member of the National Guard or any branch of the Armed Forces, after presenting a copy of the orders to his immediate supervisor.
Pregnancy, Sickness or Injury. A leave of absence because of pregnancy, sickness, or injury will be granted to an employee upon written request supported by medical evidence not to exceed thirty (30) days unless otherwise specified by medical documentation. Regular leaves without a specified return
to work date can be extended for an additional thirty (30) days (not to exceed one
year total) will be granted upon written request supported by proper medical evidence prior to each extension.
Personal Leave.	Employees with at least six (6) months of service will be granted a personal leave of absence not to exceed ninety (90) days. Each request will be considered on its own merits, and the Company will not arbitrarily deny such requests. Leave may be extended up to an additional ninety (90) days upon written request by the employee.
Section 2.	Upon returning from any leave, the employees are required to report to their supervisor before they may begin work. The employee shall be restored to the job previously held upon completion of their leave, provided they are capable of performing the job and the job still exists.
Section 3.	Both parties agree to adhere to the Family Medical Leave Act. It is understood that any leaves under FMLA will be unpaid unless required by law and will not disqualify the employee of any benefits under this Agreement.
ARTICLE XIX FUNERAL LEAVE
Section 1.	If a member of an employee’s immediate family shall die, said employee shall be allowed a reasonable period of absence, depending on the circumstances, but not to exceed a maximum of three (3) days, provided:
The employee, when requested, furnishes proof satisfactory to the Company of the death, his relationship to the deceased, the date of the funeral, and the employees actual attendance at such.
Section 2.	The term “immediate family” shall mean husband, wife, child, brother, sister, father, mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, grandparents, grandchild and great grandchild.
ARTICLE XX LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS
Section 1.	A regular employee who has jury duty as certified by the Clerk of Court may work in accordance with the law subject to the following conditions:
An employee scheduled on the day shift who is dismissed by the court prior to 10:00 o’clock A.M. of that day will be expected to report for work and complete his or her shift.
An employee scheduled on the second or evening shift who is dismissed by the court prior to 2:00 o’clock P.M. of that day will not be considered as having been on jury duty and will be required to come to work.
Section 2.	Any hours spent by an employee in a legal proceeding at the Company’s request will be treated as hours worked.
ARTICLEXXI
SAFETY AND HEALTH CLAUSE
Section 1.	The Company agrees to maintain the plant in compliance with all State, Federal, and Municipal laws governing the safety and health of its employees.
Section 2.	It is the sole and exclusive liability of the Company for a failure on its part to maintain the plant in accordance with Section 1 of this Article.
Section 3.	The Employer shall install and keep supplied a first aid kit in the plant in such a place convenient and accessible to the employees in the event of an accident or emergency which requires medical attention.
Section 4.	Within 30 days from the day of this new Agreement, a Safety Committee will be formed, consisting of 8 people; 4 appointed by the Union, and 4 appointed by the Company, one being the Director of Personnel, who shall be the Chairman. The Committee will regularly meet every 3 months. The purpose of the Safety Committee and the regular meetings is to look for ways and means to have a healthier and safer place for its employees to work. The main reason being looking for ways to prevent or help eliminate Carpel Tunnel Syndrome. Any suggestions or recommendations that are made shall not be binding on the Employer. However, the Employer does agree to seriously consider any suggestions that come from the Safety Committee. The Employer shall have the sole and exclusive responsibility for health and safety at its facilities. The Union nor its members will be held responsible for any safety procedures that are enacted or the lack thereof.
ARTICLE XXII TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT
The Company agrees to furnish all tools including knives; steels; whetstones; meat hooks; finger guards; hairnets; beard covers; arm guards; gloves (latex, cotton and metal); safety glasses; earplugs; coats and also aprons. Metal gloves can be checked out by the Steak Cutter. Metal gloves must be turned in at the end of each shift, cleaned. Employees will be given a new set of cotton gloves, arm guards and apron once a week. Latex gloves, hairnets, coats and beard covers will be given at the start of each workday.
When tools become worn to the extent that they cannot be used, the employee will be furnished a suitable replacement by turning in the unusable one. Employees will be responsible for equipment and will exercise due care at all times in the use thereof (wet is not worn out).
ARTICLE XXIII MISCELLANEOUS
Union notices may be posted on the bulletin board in the locker room.
Time Clocks. The Employer will furnish and maintain proper records in accordance with federal and state regulations of all hours worked by the employee.
Parking. The Employer will furnish parking for all employees. There will be no parking fees charged to the employee.
ARTICLE XXIV MILITARY CLAUSE
In the event an employee enters the military service of the United States, any rights with respect to employment which he or she has will be governed in accordance with the existing law.
ARTICLE XXV WRITTEN REPRIMAND
Section 1.	No written reprimand, issued to an employee, which is over twelve (12) months old will be a basis for disciplinary action by the Company against that employee.
Section 2.	Written reprimands will be used as Constructive Advice Forms or written warnings to notify an employee of improper work performed or other improper activity. When an employee receives a written reprimand it will be placed in the employee’s personnel file with no action taken to penalize the employee other than he/she is put on notice and that the Employer is dissatisfied. Two written warnings and the employee will be subject to three (3) day’s suspension at the Employer’s discretion. On the third reprimand the employee will be subject to termination.
Section 3.	Employees will be notified of any written reprimand or disciplinary suspension or probation, and they may grieve through the Union any such reprimand, suspension, or probation as provided in Article IV. No disciplinary action, counseling, or warning shall take place except in the presence of a Union Steward or Representative. The absence of such Union Steward or Representative shall render the disciplinary action invalid. Union Stewards or Representatives shall not refuse to acknowledge their presence in writing or to attend such session.
The absence of a Union Steward in meetings regarding the Company’s attendance policy or counseling an employee (as long as it is not a step of progressive discipline or placed in employee’s personnel file) will not invalidate the Company’s actions.
Section 4.	The power of discharge and discipline for just cause, to promote and demote, lies with the Employer after giving due regard to seniority and ability to perform the work. It is also agreed that this power shall be exercised with justice with regard to the rights of the employees, and that this power will not be used to discriminate against any employee. The Employer shall not discharge any employee without just cause or proper warning.
Section 5.	Employees who are working under the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol or found to be dishonest will automatically be terminated without written notice.
Section 6.	Each employee will have a right to grieve the reprimand or reprimands. He will be afforded the right to have a grievance based on a written reprimand. The employee will be notified of each written reprimand when issued.
Section 7.	A copy of all written reprimands shall be provided to the Union on a weekly basis. The Union Representative will be responsible for picking up all reprimands.
ARTICLE XXVI UNION VISITATION
An Agent(s) of the Union [up to three (3)], shall have access to the Company’s plant to conduct Union business. As an approved Union Representative, he may enter the production areas of the plant, after notifying the Plant Manager or Personnel Manager upon arrival, who will accompany the Union Representative(s) in the production areas of the plant. The Union agrees that there shall be no organized Union meetings conducted on Company premises without Company approval and that any meetings with employees shall be during their non-working time. The Union further agrees that this privilege shall not be abused and such visits shall not interfere with production.
The Employer will allow an Agent(s) [up to three (3)] of the Local the opportunity to have a membership clean-up upon a day in advance notice, twenty four (24) hours. The Employer will send any employee requested by the Agent(s) so they may discuss Union membership with them provided that it will not impede production.
ARTICLE XXVII
UNION MEMBERSHIP
Section 1.	The Employer shall deduct initiation fees, uniform assessments and Union membership cost from the weekly pay of employees who are members of the Union and who individually and voluntarily certify in writing an authorization for such deductions in the amount certified by the Local Union to be due and owing. The Company shall remit the said dues to the Financial Secretary of UNITED FOOD & COMMERCIAL WORKERS, LOCAL UNION NO. 1529. A list showing the names of all employees from whom deductions were due, the amount deducted from each and the date on which deductions were made shall accompany the remittance of money collected. These remittances shall be remitted to the Union monthly by the fifteenth (15th) of the following month.
Section 2.	Individual, voluntary and written authorization of any employee shall continue during the life of this Agreement or any renewal of this Agreement unless revoked by written notice by Certified Mail to the Company and the Union according to the terms and conditions of the signed check-off agreement.
Section 3.	The Union shall indemnify and save the Company harmless from any claims, suits, judgments, attachments, and from any form of liability as a result of making any deduction and paying same to the Union in accordance with the foregoing authorization and assignment.
Section 4.	The Company will furnish the Union with a list of the names of all employees separated and hired from employment every three (3) months. The list will be submitted by the seventh day of the month following that three (3) month period.
Section 5.	The Employer will make uniform deductions from employees who have signed an Active Ballot Club Check-Off card, and the monies collected according to the ABC Check-off will be forwarded to the Secretary-Treasurer of U.F.C.W., Local 1529 by a separate check.
Section 6.	The Union may modify or change the Application or Check-Off from time to time. Those changes will be made a part of the Agreement by mutual agreement by both parties.
The Employer agrees to furnish each new applicant with a membership application and inform each new employee of whom the Shop Steward and Union Representative are.
ARTICLE XXVIII BATHROOMS
The Employer will afford and extend to all employees reasonable bathroom privileges. The abuse of this employee privilege may result in disciplinary action. The Employer and the employees will maintain bathroom facilities in an orderly and sanitary fashion.
ARTICLE  XXIX SUPERVISOR HARASSMENT
Section 1.	There will be no harassment of employees by the Supervisor. Employees will be treated fairly and with respect by the Supervisor.
ARTICLE XXX PENSION
The Company will explore during the life of this Agreement the implementation of a 401K Pension Plan covering all of the Collective Bargaining Unit employees. The Company and the Union will meet to discuss the possible implementation of such Pension Plan.
ARTICLE XXXI ECONOMIC RELIEF
During the term of this Agreement, should the Employer experience economic difficulties in a plant, the Employer may request a meeting with the Union to attempt to negotiate economic relief, (such meeting to take place within thirty (30) days). Any agreement reached would be subject to ratification of the Union Executive Board and the employees in the affected plant only. Such agreement will be presented to the plant employees within ninety (90) days. Such time may be extended by mutual agreement.
ARTICLE XXXII
PERFECT ATTENDANCE INCENTIVE
Section 1.	Effective January 1, 2017, any non-probationary employee having perfect attendance for one (1) week will receive as a perfect attendance bonus an additional thirty cents (30¢) per hour added to their hourly rate of pay for that week.
Section 2. Perfect attendance means reporting to work as scheduled (including returning from break times on time) and completing that scheduled shift or eight (8) hours of work each day for a week.
Section 3.	The bonus will be paid weekly as part of your weekly check.
Section 4.	An employee will not disqualify for weekly perfect attendance for the following reasons:
Job related injury occurring on a qualifying workday.
Jury duty.
Any FMLA leave.
Section 5.	If an employee has perfect attendance (as defined in Section 2 above) for any calendar year, the employee will receive a two hundred dollar $200.00 cash bonus in addition to any weekly bonus, which the employee has previously received. This bonus will be paid two (2) weeks prior to Christmas of each year.
Section 6.	If any employee is discharged for gross misconduct, he/she will not receive any attendance incentives.
ARTICLE XXXIII DURATION OF AGREEMENT
This Agreement shall remain in force and effect from April 13, 2025 until April 13, 2028; with a wage reopener on February 2, 2026 and February 2, 2027, with a right to strike. The entire Agreement will automatically open for negotiations of amendments and/or changes ninety (90) days prior to April 13, 2028. At this time, the Company agrees to open all financial books for the Union’s CPA to review.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the said parties have caused duplicate copies hereof to be executed by their duly authorized officers this _______ day of __________, 2025.
MAGNOLIA PROCESSING, INC. DBA: PRIDE OF THE POND CATFISH
BY: 	_
UNITED FOOD AND COMMERCIAL WORKERS, LOCAL 1529
BY: 	_
PRIDE OF THE POND APPENDIX “A”
WAGES
The following wage scale shall apply upon ratification:
The above wages and wage structure will be negotiated yearly. The current contract Appendix “A” wages will not be subject to negotiation.
In the event there is a significant change in the staff situation, either party (Company or Union) may ask for negotiations over wages and/or structure. The parties must begin deliberations within fifteen (15) working days.
Trimmer Incentives: Any trimmer that trims fillets obtaining a minimum of 91% yield with good quality will receive the following bonus per hour:
100 pounds per hour average, $0.25
125 pounds per hour average, $0.50
150 pounds per hour average, $1.00
175 pounds per hour average, $1.25
Yield and pounds are calculated on a weekly basis
Night Premium - twenty cents (20¢) above rate of pay.


APPENDIX A — WAGE TABLE:

 | I | II | III | IV
 | Production | Skilled | Leaders | Maintenance
Start | $14.83 | $14.83 | $14.83 | $14.83
1-5 Years | $15.03 | $15.23 | $15.83 | $18.03
6-9 Years | $15.33 | $15.53 | $16.13 | $18.33
10-15 Years | $15.63 | $15.83 | $16.43 | $18.63
16-25 Years | $15.93 | $16.13 | $16.73 | $18.93
26+ Years | $16.23 | $16.43 | $17.03 | $19.23